src/pages/index.md, before:

---
title: "Human Flourishing"
keywords: "flourishing"
description: "flourishing"
---

## [Needs](/needs/)

Needs outline that which is necessary for a human to:

- be physically and mentally healthy
- have optimal physiological and psychological functioning

Furthermore, needs are defined by their effects of neglect and fulfillment.

- The neglect of a need for over 50 years would cause significant detrimental effects on a person's physical and mental health and physiological and psychological functioning.
- The fulfillment of a need for over 50 years would cause significant positive effects on a person's physical and mental health and physiological and psychological functioning.

### [Physiological needs](/needs/physiological/)

Physiological needs outline that which is necessary for optimal _physiological_ functioning of biological systems.

- [Eat](/needs/physiological/eat/)
- [Sleep](/needs/physiological/sleep/)
- [Exercise](/needs/physiological/exercise/)

### [Psychological needs](/needs/psychological/)

Psychological needs outline that which is necessary for optimal _psychological_ functioning of the brain.

- [Relationships](/needs/psychological/relationships/)
- [Meaning](/needs/psychological/meaning/)
- [Positive emotion](/needs/psychological/emotion/)
- [Self-esteem](/needs/psychological/self-esteem/)
- [Security](/needs/psychological/security/)
- [Resilience](/needs/psychological/resilience/)
- [Leisure](/needs/psychological/leisure/)

## [Fundamentals](/fundamentals/)

Fundamentals of flourishing outline that which is significantly beneficial to the _flourishing_ of a person (in terms of growth, development, progress, evolution, fulfillment, and actualization).

- [Engagement](/fundamentals/engagement/)
- [Accomplishment](/fundamentals/accomplishment/)
- [Contribution](/fundamentals/contribution/)
- [Autonomy](/fundamentals/autonomy/)
- [Grit](/fundamentals/grit/)

## [Ideals](/ideals/)

Altogether these essential aspects of flourishing create [an outline of ideals](/ideals/) for every human.

Commit message:

Fix emotion and ideals. Add defintion and goal to main page. Use svg for logo. Add banner.

src/pages/index.md, after:

---
title: "Human Flourishing"
keywords: "flourishing"
description: "flourishing"
---

Flourishing is the ideal state of well-being, well-living, and thriving. It is synonymous with:

- Growth
  - Development
  - Evolution
  - Progress
- Fulfillment
- Actualization

## Goal

If flourishing is primary goal of life, then humanity ought to define it, measure it, and foster it. And if good decision making is the key to living well, then humanity ought to define, measure, and foster that as well. This can be achieved through the following steps:

1. Outline and operationalize human [needs](/needs/) and [fundamentals](/fundamentals/) of flourishing
   1. Create a framework for measuring the fulfillment of needs and flourishing
   1. Outline [ideals](/ideals/) for humans
1. Define a process for decision making and goal setting based on the priorities of flourishing
   1. Create a framework for priorities, decisions, and goals
   1. Outline ideals for humanity overall

The overall goal of this project is to help humanity define and improve its decision-making and goal-setting process by defining and outlining its priorities.

## [Needs](/needs/)

Needs outline that which is necessary for a human to:

- be physically and mentally healthy
- have optimal physiological and psychological functioning

Furthermore, needs are defined by their effects of neglect and fulfillment.

- The neglect of a need for over 50 years would cause significant detrimental effects on a person's physical and mental health and physiological and psychological functioning.
- The fulfillment of a need for over 50 years would cause significant positive effects on a person's physical and mental health and physiological and psychological functioning.

### [Physiological needs](/needs/physiological/)

Physiological needs outline that which is necessary for optimal _physiological_ functioning of biological systems.

- [Eat](/needs/physiological/eat/)
- [Sleep](/needs/physiological/sleep/)
- [Exercise](/needs/physiological/exercise/)

### [Psychological needs](/needs/psychological/)

Psychological needs outline that which is necessary for optimal _psychological_ functioning of the brain.

- [Relationships](/needs/psychological/relationships/)
- [Meaning](/needs/psychological/meaning/)
- [Positive emotion](/needs/psychological/emotion/)
- [Self-esteem](/needs/psychological/self-esteem/)
- [Security](/needs/psychological/security/)
- [Resilience](/needs/psychological/resilience/)
- [Leisure](/needs/psychological/leisure/)

## [Fundamentals](/fundamentals/)

Fundamentals of flourishing outline that which is significantly beneficial to the _flourishing_ of a person.

- [Engagement](/fundamentals/engagement/)
- [Accomplishment](/fundamentals/accomplishment/)
- [Contribution](/fundamentals/contribution/)
- [Autonomy](/fundamentals/autonomy/)
- [Grit](/fundamentals/grit/)

## [Ideals](/ideals/)

Altogether these essential aspects of flourishing create [an outline of ideals](/ideals/) for every human.
